what's going on YouTube your boys too
crazy 1870 and today we're gonna be
taking a look at the iphone 4 ID credit
card case now this one here is made by
case-mate it will set you back at about
34 99 you can pick it up on casemates
website I will have their link in my
description make sure to go ahead and
check that out now the ID comes in about
seven different flavors you can pick it
up in a purple green royal red royal
blue pink metallic silver and the last
one will be a black one now as far as
the package egos you get some very
different style of packaging when it
comes to the ID case and I will get in
that in just one minute now inside the
package of course you get your ID case
you get a screen kit which inside that
kit they include one screen protector 1
microfiber cleaning cloth a squeegee
cord and some instructions on how to
apply the screen protector now you also
get a protector for the back of your
iphone 4 now this is where things start
getting a little interesting now inside
the package they also include some soil
and they include some seeds now this is
where the packaging comes in if you
would like to go ahead and grow your own
garden which looks kind of fun now let's
go ahead and take a closer look at the
ID case now the material on the case is
made out of a flexible plastic shell now
inside the case it is very soft it's
definitely not going to get the back of
your iphone for scratch now on the
outside of the case it also has a very
nice touch feel to it so I'm going to go
ahead and store the IDK some iphone 4
and give you a quick overview of the
iphone phone with the case already
installed now as far as the installation
goes installation is a breeze didn't
have a hard time at all what you're
gonna do first is go ahead and line up
your volume buttons once you have that
side done jump on to the next side and
you snap in place then you should be
ready to go so another the case is
installed on iphone 4 i'm gonna go ahead
and give you a quick overview of the
iphone 4 with the case already installed
now looking at the bottom you got a
u-shaped cut out for your speaker 30-pin
dock connector and your mic you're
definitely not gonna have any problems
at all if you're using it with your
third-party iphone 4 charger taking a
quick look at the side of the phone you
have another single piece cut out for
your volume buttons and you're vibrating
silence which very easy to get to didn't
find any disco
at all when it comes to accessing my
volume buttons or even my vibrating
silence which now at the top of the
phone you get another u-shaped cut out
for your headphone jack Mike and you're
sleeping wait button most definitely
very easy to get to didn't find any type
of discomfort at all now looking at the
land at table design you don't get a lip
going all around the screen of the
iPhone for all you get is the sides now
you get a very small amount I really
didn't feel too comfortable lay my
iphone 4 flat on his face now looking at
the back of the iphone 4 you have one
whole single piece cut out for your 5
megapixel camera and the LED flash
tested out the flash didn't experience
any washed out pictures now this is what
the name of the case comes in the case
mate idks this is a very cool feature
you go ahead and slide either your
driver license or your ATM card whatever
you want to go ahead and carry with you
at all times now it fits up to two cards
here i have my best buy reward zone card
and the way this is used is you simply
just slide your card in and it has a
very nice tight fit toward it's
definitely not gonna fall out at all now
to take your card out you're simply just
down here at the bottom you press up and
you go ahead and grab it and take it out
if you need to go ahead and use it now i
do have the protector on the back of my
iphone 4 which was provided by case-mate
so not every time i slide my ATM card or
even my driver license into my ID case
it's not going to scratch the back of my
iphone 4 so that was a quick look at the
case mate idks now my experience with
the case is that this is a very
comfortable case I really didn't feel
any type of the scum for while rocking
the case myself it also feels very
comfortable while navigating to the home
screen doesn't even add too much boat
when you have your iphone 4 in your
pockets so that is about it hopefully
you have enjoyed my review of the case
mate idks now if you have any questions
in regards to the case please from field
leave them down in the comment section
down below and now watch i'll do my best
to go ahead and get at you guys ASAP now
before in Des we don't want to think
case-mate for sending me out there ID
case for review it's been meet your boy
mr. crazy 1870 send out now catch you
guys on the next one late